Docs 9568 review concept and task topics esb (#104)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/create-endpoint.adoc

= Create and Configure Endpoints

> You can create endpoints in the host, or partner page or by using the Message Flow wizard.

Reviewer: This was actually more correct in its original version:

You can create endpoints
   in the host or partner page
   or
   by using the Message Flow wizard

I think it reads just fine with no commas at all:

```suggestion
You can create endpoints in the host or partner page or by using the Message Flow wizard.
```

Reviewer: OR
```suggestion
You can create endpoints in the host, on the partner page, or by using the Message Flow wizard.
```

* *Endpoints: Send to partners*
* *Endpoints: Target at <host-name>*
* *Endpoints: Source at <host-name>*

> . <<configure-endpoint,Configure the endpoint>> according to the type of endpoint you are creating and the protocol you selected in the *New endpoint: <endpoint-type>* window.

Reviewer: "configure the endpoint according to the type of endpoint you are creating" sounds odd and unnecessary. 
How about something like...:
```suggestion
. <<configure-endpoint,Configure the endpoint>> to be of the type you want and to be compatible with the protocol you selected in the *New endpoint: <endpoint-type>* window.
```
OR
```suggestion
. <<configure-endpoint,Configure the endpoint>> type and compatibility with the protocol you selected in the *New endpoint: <endpoint-type>* window.
```

. Click *Save*.

> == Create and Configure Endpoints using the Message Flow Wizard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create and Configure Endpoints Using the Message Flow Wizard
```

> When creating endpoint types using the Message Flow wizard, Partner Manager automatically designates the usage. Using the Message Flow wizard, you can xref:configure-message-flows.adoc[Create and Configure an Inbound Message Flow] or xref:create-outbound-message-flow.adoc[Create and Configure an Outbound Message Flow].

Reviewer: This sounds contradictory: PM automatically designates the usage but YOU create and configure?
Do we mean...:

"When you create endpoint types and configure them using the Message Flow wizard, Partner Manager automatically determines whether they are used for inbound or outbound message flows."?

Is that true? I would think that the act of designating a type or configuring it would determine "the usage."
Clarify.

Author: I agree - done!
